Google Ads Facebook ads YouTube ads
LinkedIn ads core ads display ads
between all these different digital
advertising platforms it can become a
lot too quickly leading you to becoming
overwhelmed and ultimately which happens
most of the time focusing on the minut
details and the nuances between each
channel the specific how to's where
you're not necessarily tied in and
aligned with the big picture and the why
behind the how and it's really important
to know how to do things but more and so
I think it's more important to first
understand why you're doing what you're
doing so then when you go into these
channels whether it's Google Facebook
Linkedin whatever it might be you can
execute on the how because you know it's
aligned with your bigger vision your
bigger purpose for even running these
campaigns in the first place with this
video it's my goal to bring you clarity
and to realign you with why you started
these campaigns in the first place and
to really get you focused on in my
opinion the two most successful
questions you need to ask yourself in
order to have success with digital
advertising question number one you need
to ask yourself is what does success
mean to you with your campaigns so for
example what is success mean to you with
your Google advertising campaigns put a
specific number on that have you guys
ever heard of the acronym smart you want
to set SMART goals specific measurable
attainable realistic and timely that's a
good framework to follow when setting
goals and it's the same thing with your
campaigns the same way you'll set goals
in your personal life you want to set
goals for your advertising campaigns as
well and you want to get very clear on
what success means to you so instead of
just saying something like I want more
leads for less cost you should say I
want 30 more leads for 20 percent less
cost in the next 30 days that's a more
specific goal it's more realistic and
more timely and that is going to allow
you to do in my opinion which is even
more important is reverse engineer so
for example if you want to get thirty
leads that's going to determine how much
you need to spend to get that if you
want to get more leads you're usually
going to have to have a bigger budget so
you can get in front of more people so
that you can get a bigger quantity of
leads most of the time so that means if
you want to get thirty leads you're
need a different budget than if you
wanted to get five leads so depending on
what your goal is whether it's leads or
sales or whatever it is you want to make
sure you have that number in mind so you
can work backwards and create your
budget if you're not sure how to create
a budget actually created a video on how
to calculate your Google advertising
budget and you can go ahead and take
that framework that I mentioned in that
video and actually apply it to other
channels as well so if you're running
Facebook Ads for example instead of
using the example I use in the video of
Google you can just plug in your
Facebook Ads
cost data in the examples I show and you
can be able to calculate that as well
but the point is if you do not know what
success means to you with your
advertising campaigns then how are you
going to reverse engineer and create a
plan of attack one being your budget and
then to being your strategy on how
you're going to show these ads what kind
of campaigns you're going to run so that
you can have success with your
advertising the second most important
question and the final question you need
to ask yourself in order to have success
with your digital advertising campaigns
is who is it you're trying to reach I
know it's so basic but this is
personally something that I have
overlooked so many times this concept is
something we hear all the time in
marketing and they have so many
different names for it but it ultimately
means the same thing whether people are
saying what's your customer avatar
what's your customer persona who is your
target market all these things are just
different ways of saying the same thing
of who it is that you're actually trying
to reach with your advertising in the
first place and kind of going back to
the beginning of the video when I said
it can get overwhelming really quickly
with all these different channels out
there by understanding who you're trying
to reach that's going to determine where
you show the ads so your market your
industry has different buying behaviors
different interests different problems
that they're trying to solve in their
life and based on where they consume
information online it's going to be
different where you show your ads so
ultimately understanding who it is
you're trying to reach the problems
they're facing the pains are
experiencing who they are what they're
going through on a daily basis and
you can create advertising that goes in
front of these people and elicits a
response because you're communicating to
them one on one because you truly
understand them and not only that you're
using the platforms that they consume
content on our information that's going
to be critical to your success with
digital advertising I got so caught up
in the details of the platform itself
like knowing all the little tips and
tricks and Google ads and the latest
hacks and etc etc versus knowing okay
who it is I'm trying to reach what are
the problems the mindsets the
frustrations the challenges they're
going through and then putting together
my advertising my campaigns in a way
that communicates directly to them so
that I can make sure I can communicate
the value of what it is I have to offer
to be able to better their situation in
life that is it for this video quick
recap point number one question you want
to ask yourself is what does success
mean to you with your digital
advertising campaigns get specific use
that SMART goal format get very specific
on what it is and then work backwards so
that you can come up with a strategy and
the budget required to hit that specific
outcome that you're going for number two
get crystal clear on who it is you're
trying to reach with your advertising
campaigns shift your focus from the
tools which is Google Facebook YouTube
LinkedIn etc they're just tools shift
your focus from the tools and the little
nuances of the tools towards what
matters most which is who it is I'm
trying to reach where they consume
information they're buying behavior of
their patterns and how can I put
together advertising on these platforms
that they consume and use Facebook
Google YouTube etc as a tool to get in
front of them to be able to communicate
the value that you provide
I hope you got tremendous value from
this video if you did if you could like
the video that'll help me out a ton and
if you like content like this feel free
to subscribe to the ad conversion
YouTube channel so you can get notified
of future content that I post and if
there's any topics that I haven't
covered on this channel that you'd like
me to please go ahead and drop a comment
with anything you'd like me to cover in
the future I created this channel to
just share my experience and my journey
on what's worked for me and what's not
worked for me as I continue to become a
better advertiser and just share what's
going on in my life with my clients so
hope you got tremendous value
talk to